Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
We have a midcourse deviation.
Target heading 036. 1 26 miles.
bearing 062. Havana VOR.
He's landing at Cray Key.
Advise Key West Drug Enforcement.
Roger. sir. AWACS to Key West. Key West
Drug Enforcement. please come in.
If they hurry. they just
might be able to grab the bastard.
Now. you're sure you've got the ring?
Relax. Felix.
- Friends of yours?
- My partners at the DEA.
- What the hell is going on?
- Sanchez is in the Bahamas.
- Have you cleared it?
- We've got the green light.
Hey. Felix!
Haven't you forgotten something?
- James. Explain to Della. will you?
- No way. I'm coming with you.
OK. but strictly as an observer.
- Sorry. Sharky.
- Hey. why me?
Hey. you guys. you can't do this to me.
What will I tell Della?
What did he promise you? His heart?
Give her his heart.
No. No. Franz. I didn't mean any harm.
It's all right. baby. No te preocupes.
We all make mistakes.
- Your escapades are getting creative.
- Por favor. Franz.
Not a word.
He's still not here.
Can you go around the block again?
- What about the guests?
- I told you this was a mistake.
James. Just in case.
OK.
I want Sanchez alive.
Stay here. James.
- No Sanchez.
- Damn.
Hey. observer.
You trying to get yourself killed?
If I don't get you back for the wedding.
I'm a dead man for sure.
- Do you need help?
- Take your hands off me. Just go away.
Sanchez. Let's go.
Come on.
- He'll be in Cuban airspace in 20 minutes.
- He hasn't got away yet.
- What the hell are you doing?
- Let's go fishing.
Forward.
Easy. Hold it. Back up.
Forward now.
Hold it.
Bring him in. Take the load.
Let's go. James.
James. Your hat.
Thank you.
You're facin' 1 39 felony counts. Sanchez.
Why. that's 936 years.
Even one of your famous million-dollar
bribes can't get you out of this one.
Two.
What?
Two million. US.
A standing offer
for anyone who springs me.
Goddamn it. You think
you're in some banana republic?
All that scumbag money
won't do you a bit of good here.
Very good.
But I think I'm gonna be home soon.
- Why. you...
- Get hold of yourself.
We got a nice private cell
waiting for your ass at Quantico.
And I'm gonna personally
see you get there.
I'm terribly sorry.
That's a custom. The bride
always gets to kiss her best man.
I thought it was the other way round.
James. would you mind? Felix is still
in the study and we've got to cut the cake.
- I'll do anything for a woman with a knife.
- Thank you. Could you help me?
- Sorry.
- No. we're finished. Pam. meet James.
Goodbye. Felix.
- Strictly business. my friend.
- Switch that thing off. Felix.
- You have a house full of guests waiting.
- Just let me save this. Take a seat.
The department wants a full report -
yesterday. We really hit it lucky today.
Sanchez hasn't been out
of his home base for years.
- Couldn't you extradite him?
- He's killed. intimidated or bribed
half the officials from here to Chile.
There's only one law
down there - Sanchez's law.
Lead or silver.
Ed.
Double congratulations. old buddy.
You take your time on the honeymoon.
Everything's OK.
You must be Bond.
The guy who came along for the ride.
Ed Killifer.
We're takin' Sanchez
to Quantico this afternoon.
- Stay and have a drink with us.
- Gotta get back.
I just came by to kiss the bride.
- Felix. time to cut the cake.
- Hand me the picture of Della. quick.
She must be ready to kill me.
- I tied 'em myself.
- What are these?
- Lures.
- These'll keep you busy for a few days.
You're not going fishing
on my honeymoon.
- How many others are being held there?
- Where are you taking him. Mr Killifer?
Mr Sanchez. will you look
this way for a picture. please?
- Come on. Get him inside.
- What is your real nationality?
- Are you really Colombian?
- Have you been fairly treated?
One more picture.
Are you connected with
any laboratories in South America?
- No more questions. now.
- Do you expect to be vindicated?
OK. let's go.
Would you excuse me just a minute?
I have a surprise for you.
Yes. I do. It's right over here.
What's that?
James. Love always. Della and Felix.
We love you.
Thanks.
Come on.
What the hell's happened?
How deep is it there?
Call up an amphibian.
James. I wanted you to have something.
You know the tradition? The next one
who catches this is the next one who...
No.
Thanks. Della. It's time I left.
James.
- Did I say something wrong?
- He was married once.
But it was a long time ago.
Felix. you're no good to me
with a wrecked back.
Let her go. I'm the one you want.
Ready? We got the batteries
recharged on the sub.
It'll take you to the limit. Fast boat
to Cuba. You'll be there for breakfast.
- Relax. We'll wait for Dario.
- Look. are you crazy?
You got everybody lookin' for you. What
about Killifer? Havin' a cop here is nuts.
I wanna deep six him.
I made a deal with this guy.
and I'm gonna keep my word.
I don't like it. He can finger me.
I spent a fortune on this cover.
Something you'd better
understand. amigo.
Loyalty is more important
to me than money.
Now get the cop.
Killifer.
Here's two million. All in twenties.
It's very heavy. but difficult to trace.
- Smart.
- Now. be ready for tomorrow.
I'll have someone pick you up.
- Where's Lupe?
- On the boat.
Keep her there until I send for her.
Hey. no foolin' around with my girl.
Are you kiddin'? After what you did
to that guy on the islands?
You liked my little valentine. huh?
- Where's my wife?
- Don't worry.
We gave her a nice honeymoon.
I want you to know
this is nothing personal.
It's purely business.
Killifer?
Sorry. old buddy. but two mill
is a hell of a chunk of dough.
Killing me won't stop anything. Sanchez.
There are worse things
than dying. hombre.
See you in hell!
No. Today is the first day
of the rest of your life.
No!
- Good morning.
Thank you. Your passport. please.
- What's going on?
- Some big drug dealer just escaped.
Now. would that be smoking
or nonsmoking. Mr...
Your ticket.
Felix?
Della.
- Della?
- Felix. You'll be all right. Hang on.
- Hey. Leiter. Where you been?
- It's Bond. Get an ambulance here. quick.
Hi. Sharky.
You stick around. I might have
some more questions for you. OK?
How is he?
His left leg's gone below the knee.
They might be able to save his arm.
You can bet it was a chain saw.
Colombians use them on informers.
Hell. they sell more here
than in the state of Oregon.
I wish I could be more hopeful.
but we'll have to wait and see.
Chain saw. my ass.
I know a shark bite when I see one.
Sanchez has vanished.
He's got all of Leiter's files.
- God only knows what's in them.
- Well. find him.
He's out of our jurisdiction. There's plenty
of countries that would protect him.
- We can't even get an extradition.
- There are other ways.
- Let it go. Commander.
- You're gonna do nothing?
- You're just gonna forget all about it?
- No. I'm not gonna forget about it.
Looks like Sanchez' law
operates north of the border. too.
Let's go shark-hunting.
This is the last place in the Keys.
We'll have to try Miami next.
Stay here.
You stay out of sight. I'll handle this.
We're closed. Ain't nobody here.
Look. I've come all the way
from London to see you.
Universal Exports. We've been retained
to arrange shipment
of a Carcharodon carcharias.
- A what?
- Great white shark.
It's all right. Bill. Let him in.
Unfortunately.
we sold all our sharks years ago.
As you can see. we do purely research
now. It's a project to feed the Third World.
We feed maggot to our special breed
of genetically engineered fish.
Use hormones to make them all male -
gain weight faster.
From your shark-hunting days?
Yeah. Actually. it's for sale.
Look. I'm kinda busy.
Maybe some other time.
Thank you. I'll look forward
to seeing you again.
- Goodbye. Mr...
- Goodbye.
Mr Krest said to be ready. He'll send the
sub back in three hours to pick you up.
Can't wait.
This dump gives me the creeps.
James.
Hold it right there.
Do you mind if I get
my hands out of here?
Yeah. Do it slowly.
Freeze!
Over by the trap door. old buddy.
Is this where you put
your old buddy Felix?
Not me. Chalk that one up
to Sanchez and Krest.
There's two million dollars
in that suitcase.
I'll split it with you.
You earned it.
You keep it. old buddy.
God. what a terrible waste.
Of money.
Hey. Sharky.
- Any news on the Wavekrest?
- She's a big marine-research vessel.
owned by a Milton Krest.
They're collecting specimens
off the Cay Sel Bank.
- How long will it take us to get there?
- Maybe about six hours.
I've a few things to pick up.
Be ready in an hour.
Hey. Commander. You got a minute?
Local cops got a tip
about a warehouse last night.
Turned up 500 keys of Colombian pure.
a couple of stiffs.
and a little bitty piece
of what used to be Killifer.
Good. At least someone's on the case.
You may be a pal of Leiter's.
but I can only cover up so much.
The DEA is screaming
to know what happened.
You know. we got laws
in this country. too.
Do you have a law against
what they did to Leiter?
Look. you're in over your head.
This is where it ends. Commander.
You were supposed to be
in Istanbul last night.
I'm afraid this unfortunate Leiter
business has clouded your judgment.
You have a job to do. I expect you
on a plane this afternoon.
- I haven't finished here. sir.
- Leave it to the Americans.
- It's their mess. Let them clear it up.
- Sir. they're not going to do anything.
I owe it to Leiter. He's put his life
on the line for me many times.
Spare me this sentimental rubbish.
He knew the risks.
- And his wife?
- This private vendetta of yours
could easily compromise
Her Majesty's Government.
You have an assignment. I expect you to
carry it out objectively and professionally.
Then you have my resignation. sir.
We're not a country club. 007.
Effective immediately.
your licence to kill is revoked.
and I require you
to hand over your weapon.
Now.
I need hardly remind you that you're
still bound by the Official Secrets Act.
Well. I guess it's
a farewell to arms.
Don't. Too many people.
God help you. Commander.
Something in Sector C.
You caused us all
a lot of trouble. young lady.
- You're borracho. Go to bed.
- When Sanchez heard you ran away.
- He went nuts.
- It's none of your business.
It's my business when your stupid
little tricks get Sanchez arrested
and I gotta put my organisation
at risk to get him out.
The DEA just raided Key West.
You cost me a lot of dough.
He'll give you the money.
He doesn't work that way.
You'd better watch yourself. girlie.
I've known him a long time. I've seen
a lot of girls like you come and go.
You're drunk. Get out.
- And stop peeking through my windows.
- Come on. What are you so stuck-up for?
He fixed that phoney
beauty contest you won.
Mr Krest.
Yeah. What?
The Sentinel's picking up something large
on the monitor. You'd better take a look.
I don't believe this.
What the hell is it now?
It's just a manta ray. Get the probe
back in. We'll start loading now.
Yes. sir.
He said "You're OK."
Take care of him.
Make a sound and you're dead.
- You...
- What are you doing in here?
- Krest gave me his cabin. He's next door.
- Where's Sanchez?
He's not on board.
I don't know where he is.
- You're his girlfriend.
- He doesn't tell me anything.
Open up. I need to talk to you.
Answer it.
Just a moment.
- What do you want?
- Somebody slipped aboard. Did you
- See anybody?
- No. I was sleeping. Go away.
Mr Krest. They're back.
Bolt your door.
Who whipped you? Sanchez?
It was my fault.
I did something wrong. made him angry.
- Nice work. Clive.
- Thanks. Mr Krest.
Guess what? His name was Sharky.
Get rid of the boat. We've got work to do.
- You'd better find yourself a new lover.
- Don't you men know any other way?
It's Sanchez' way. You seem to like it.
You know nothing. Please go.
If they find you here. we'll both be killed.
Stay here.
We got everything useful out of her.
- That's it. Take her out and sink her.
- OK. Clive. Cast off.
Compliments of Sharky.
Man overboard.
Get him. Don't let him get away.
- What's wrong?
- Get back in your cabin and stay there.
- The guy must have drowned. Mr Krest.
- Don't be so sure. Find him.
- Launch Sentinel.
- Yes. sir.
Stand by to dive when I tell you.
Numbers one and two. dive.
I can see something reflecting over there.
There's too much turbulence to be sure.
- Loading completed. Mr Krest.
- Bring Sentinel back in.
Mr Krest!
Bring Sentinel up.
There he is. there. Right there. Get him.
There.
Dive. dammit. Dive.
There. Pick him up.
- All boats return to Wavekrest.
- Aye aye. sir.
Here. Put her stern-in.
Hey. do you know
someone called Bouvier?
Over there.
Now. this is an unexpected pleasure.
- Where's Leiter?
- Intensive Care.
Where you'll be
if you don't get out of here fast.
Sanchez has Leiter's files.
Your name's all over them.
Hell. I knew something was wrong.
Those two have been at the bar for hours.
- Probably waiting to see who showed up.
- Would you like anything to drink?
- Bud with a lime.
- Same.
Sure thing. hon.
Shit! It's Dario.
He's bad news. He used to be with
the Contras before they kicked him out.
Just the kind of guy Sanchez would send.
You carrying?
If they start shooting.
just hit the deck and stay there.
Don't I know you from somewhere?
- No.
- Oh. yes. I do.
You used to fly charter planes
for some friends of mine.
I got a job for you. Why don't we
go outside and we talk in private?
- Take your hands off her. She's with me.
- Nobody's asking you. gringo.
He's with me.
Keep your hands on the table.
Here we go.
Two beers. That'll be 3.50.
- Do your friends want something?
- Let me get it.
- He's had enough. Run a tab.
- OK.
- How did you get here?
- By boat. It's right behind this wall.
Thanks.
Get it started.
Come on.
- Don't move.
- Relax. It's a bulletproof vest.
- This Kevlar is great.
- You're bloody lucky to be alive.
It's not luck. It's experience.
- Any higher. it'd have been your head.
- Look. I just saved your life back there.
If it wasn't for me.
your ass would've been nailed to the wall.
- You saved my life?
- Yes.
It's a tough business
you picked. Miss Bouvier.
- Leave it to the professionals.
- Look. pal. I was an army pilot.
I have flown to the toughest hellholes.
I will not have you lecture me
about professionalism.
Out of gas. I haven't heard
that one in a long time.
Well. they must have hit the fuel line.
Look. I'm gonna need your help.
I want a complete rundown
on Sanchez' operation.
And I'll need a flight to Isthmus City.
Private. No one must know I've left.
- What do you wanna go there for?
- I'll pay you very well.
You're going after Sanchez. aren't you?
- Will you help me?
- How many men have you got?
Just you and me.
Are you crazy? Sanchez has
an entire army protecting him.
- Just fly me in and leave. 50.000.
- It's not that easy.
False flight plans. payoffs at the airport.
I can't do it for less than a hundred.
Sixty.
- Ninety.
- Seventy.
- Eighty.
- Seventy-five.
- You pay the fuel?
- You get the plane.
Deal.
- Why don't you wait until you're asked?
- Well. why don't you ask me?
There are five typing errors on
the first page alone. What's got into you?
Sorry. sir.
"US lmmigration has no reports
of 007 leaving the United States
as of 1 500 hours today."
- Who authorised this?
- I did. sir. It's James. He's gone missing.
You know him better than that.
He'll go after Sanchez.
He's got to be stopped.
I've already alerted our man in Isthmus.
- I want that out by this afternoon.
- Yes. sir.
Q Branch. please.
This is the master bedroom.
- I hope everything is satisfactory. señor.
- It's adequate.
I'd like a case of champagne -
Bollinger RD.
Certainly. If I could ask you
to sign the registration cards?
No. My executive secretary.
Miss Kennedy. will take care of that.
Miss Kennedy.
Right here. please.
Fresh flowers every day.
Thank you very much.
Your key. Enjoy your stay.
It's Ms Kennedy. And why can't you
be my executive secretary?
We're south of the border.
It's a man's world.
Thanks for everything.
Your job's finished.
- I wanna stay.
- Too dangerous.
- Enough people are dead.
- Don't talk to me about danger.
I won't be safe until Sanchez is dead.
Besides. you could use my help.
If you're gonna stay and be my executive
secretary. you'd better look the part.
Here. Buy yourself some decent clothes.
What bank does Sanchez use?
I need to make a deposit.
The biggest one in town.
Banco de Isthmus. He owns it.
Señor Bond.
- I've come to make a small deposit.
- My people downstairs are capable of...
Please. sit down.
We operate the world's
largest private investment fund.
Our biggest problem
is what to do with all the money.
We have a cash surplus
of ten million a day.
which we ship through our bank
to the US Federal Reserve.
thus establishing credits which can
be used for any legitimate investment.
You see. someone has to help
the gringos with their trade deficit.
Make out a deposit receipt
for $4.900.000 for Señor Bond.
And there will be additional
monthly deposits in the same amount.
Of course. We are experienced in
handling accounts of this nature.
Let me pass.
Señor Montelongo? I'm Miss Kennedy.
Mr Bond's executive secretary.
I'd also appreciate it if you could establish
a line of credit for me at the casino.
- Shall we say two million dollars?
- No problem.
You have excellent collateral.
and our chairman also owns the casino.
- A very convenient arrangement.
- We have always thought so. señorita.
Thank you. Good evening.
ladies and gentlemen. and welcome.
This is a special night for us.
We want you to know that only
through your generous donations
can the work here at the OMI
continue to progress.
We've learned so much.
but we've only just scratched the surface.
We need your help. We need you to go
to your phones now and make a pledge.
This is not for me.
This is not for them. It's for all of us.
- Are you OK. reinita?
- I'm fine.
Krest called me from the boat with a story
about somebody ripping him off.
Did you see anything happen?
No. Franz. I stayed
in my cabin most of the time.
- What's the matter. baby?
- You know I can't stand that thing.
- I'd like a private table. Blackjack.
- Certainly. Señor Bond.
Would you come this way. please?
Quarter of a million dollars.
And I'd like to raise
the limit to 5.000 a box.
Put these wonderful
volunteers behind me to work.
Dario'll take you shopping. so tomorrow
you can spend a lot of money. have fun.
Now. give me a little kiss.
You want one too?
We can raise the price.
22.000 per kilo this month.
I like that.
Yeah. this is Truman-Lodge. 22.000.
Our goal today is to raise $22.000
from each of our meditation chapters.
That's 22.000 each.
Go to your phones.
Please help us. Bless your hearts.
Let me have half a million.
Listen to this. Our wonderful Manhattan
chapel has made a special $500 pledge.
500 kilos. I...
- I knew they'd go for it.
- This guy cracks me up.
- Is Señor Sanchez there?
- Yes. he's right here.
- Yeah?
- A British sucker dropped
a quarter of a million
and he wants to play no limit.
- Which one?
- Table two. Plays like a real jerk-off.
That's the guy that flew in in the private
plane. Opened an account at the bank.
Five million dollars in cash.
Let him play.
Double down.
Split.
Listen to this. Our Chicago chapel
has received a $1.000 donor pledge.
They all accepted the new price.
- Señor Sanchez?
- Yes. he's right here.
The British guy is a quarter of a million
ahead. Should I close the table?
No.
- Tell Lupe to come in here.
- Right.
You have good luck tonight.
Are you gonna share any of that money?
Miss Kennedy.
get me a medium-dry vodka martini.
- Why don't you ask...
- Shaken. not stirred.
Cut.
- You're very professional.
- Used to work here.
- Am I going to win or lose?
- Lose. But not much.
- Vodka martini qué?
- Shaken. not stirred.
Ah. si.
Looks like your luck has changed.
- Is that why he sent you?
- And to find out more about you.
Perhaps I'd better quit for the night.
You should walk straight out of here.
go to the airport and never come back.
- Where's Sanchez?
- Upstairs in his office.
He's been there all day. He's planning a
party for some Orientals tomorrow night.
And what did you tell him
about the Wavekrest?
Nothing. Now go.
- Take me to him.
- Are you loco? You'll get us both killed.
This way. please.
Send us a dollar. Send us 50 cents.
Send whatever you can send.
We've got a very special offer. You guys
out there. with your beer and popcorn...
This is almost over.
This particular book has sold
in excess of a quarter of a million copies.
Anyone who sends in a $1 00 pledge
will receive a personally
autographed copy of my book.
Lovely view.
It's a 49.95 value.
and you get it absolutely free.
- Bond. James Bond.
- Sit. Please.
We need your help. Bless your hearts.
Well-travelled man.
You did all right at the tables tonight.
I had the feeling
my luck was about to change.
Well. it's a wise gambler who knows
when his luck has run out. Why this?
In my business.
you prepare for the unexpected.
- And what business is that?
- I help people with problems.
Problem solver.
More of a problem eliminator.
- And are you here on business?
- No. temporarily unemployed.
I thought I might find work here.
Well. it's very difficult to obtain
a work permit in Isthmus. It's...
Well. one has to show a special talent
that people here don't have.
Well. that shouldn't be too difficult.
Señor Bond. you've got big cojones.
You come here. to my place.
without references.
carrying a piece.
throwing around a lot of money.
But you should know something.
Nobody saw you come in.
so nobody has to see you go out.
Señor Sanchez. I could be very useful
to a man in your position.
And I understand you have a reputation
for rewarding loyalty very well.
I'll keep this for a few days.
We'll talk again.
And you won't need a gun in Isthmus.
It's a very safe city.
In the meantime. I welcome you
to the casino at all times.
Check him out.
- So what did you find out?
- There's two inches of armoured glass.
I'd need a cannon to get to him.
Señor Bond. You will be pleased
to know your uncle has arrived.
I put him in your suite.
Thank you.
Good night.
- Your uncle?
- Let's make this a proper family reunion.
Give me your gun.
Stay here.
- Really. 007!
- Q! What the hell are you doing here?
- I might have killed you.
- Well. I'm on leave.
Thought I'd pop round
and see how you were getting on.
- Are you all right?
- Of course.
- How'd you find me?
- Moneypenny. She's worried about you.
- This is no place for you. Q. Go home.
- Don't be an idiot. 007.
I know exactly what you're up to.
and you're gonna need my help.
Remember. if it hadn't been for Q Branch.
you'd have been dead long ago.
Everything for a man on holiday.
Explosive alarm clock. guaranteed
never to wake up anybody who uses it.
Dentonite toothpaste.
To be used sparingly.
- It's the latest in plastic explosive.
- I could do with some plastic.
I thought there might be
a mess to clean up.
Pam. this is Q. my uncle.
Uncle. this is Miss Kennedy. my cousin.
- We must be related.
- How do you do?
Now. pay attention. 007.
Now. this looks like
an ordinary camera. doesn't it?
- What kind of film does it take? 1 20?
- .220 high velocity.
Now. this is a signature gun.
and that is an optical palm reader.
And if I plug this
into the bottom like that.
once I've programmed it...
Now. nobody can use the gun but you.
- Smile. boys.
- Don't use the flash!
Stop fiddling with things you don't
understand. You might have killed him.
That's odd.
Look. let's all get some rest. We've got
a long. hard day ahead of us tomorrow.
- Good night. Q.
- Sweet dreams. Mr Bond.
I hope you don't snore. Q.
You all know Truman-Lodge.
And this is my head of security
Colonel Heller.
This is an historic moment.
East meets West.
Drug dealers of the world unite.
Extra bonus. Your job's done.
Take Q and fly out of here now.
I'll make my own way back.
I'd like to stay.
No.
I work better alone.
In this business. there's a lot of cash.
And a lot of people with their hands out.
In a word: bribery.
Exactly. He took the words
right out of my pocket.
So you pay. Everyone and his brother
is on the payroll.
So you buy a mayor.
a chief of police. a general...
A president. One day you wake up
and you own the whole goddamn country.
Then you take what you want. A bank.
a gambling casino. airline concession.
Why? Simple.
It's easier for the politicians
to take silver than lead.
We have an invisible empire
from Chile to Alaska.
What I want to do. amigos.
is to make you part of it.
I want the Pacific to be our little puddle.
What you have before you
is a demographic report.
breaking down each of your territories
by age and socioeconomic group.
Now. as you can clearly see.
there is a huge potential demand.
given the implementation
of aggressive marketing.
As in the United States.
Señor Sanchez is prepared to offer
each of you exclusive franchises.
The price is 100 million per territory.
I believe you'll find that works out
to 20 million per metric ton. Mr Tan.
We guarantee quality
and price for five years.
Señor Sanchez. since arriving. we've
eaten well. heard many good stories.
but before I pay anything.
I want to see some hardware.
Mr Kwang. you don't pay for hardware.
You pay for my personal
guarantee and protection.
Surely if you were to invest 100 million.
you would want some reassurance.
You're right. Why not? Tomorrow I'll take
you to our main distribution centre.
Here you are.
- Goodbye. Q. Thanks for all you've done.
- What?
You're a hell of a field operative.
Now go. I'll see you back in London.
No more business.
Time to have some fun.
Gentlemen. enjoy yourselves.
This Kwang seems like trouble.
Why show them the labs?
Don't worry.
He won't expose the operation.
His Excellency. el presidente Lopez.
There's been a mistake with my cheque.
Look at it. It's half the usual amount.
You were very quiet when I was arrested.
Remember. you're only president for life.
Watch the birdie. you bastard.
Take his arm.
- Who would have a signature gun?
- James Bond.
This is Her Majesty's Government's.
How did you get it?
- Piss off.
- Who ordered you to kill Sanchez?
No one. He's a rogue agent. My orders
are to take him back one way or the other.
We're Hong Kong Narcotics. you bastard.
Sanchez is taking us
to the heart of his operations.
I've been setting it up for years.
I just hope that little stunt of yours
hasn't scared him off.
- Get me out of these bloody things.
- No. Commander.
You're a loose cannon on deck.
I'm shipping you straight back to London.
- Leave him.
- No.
Come on.
Don't let them take you alive.
He's still alive.
Who was it? Who sent you?
Cyanide.
Hey. amigo.
How do you feel?
I'll survive.
Lupe. Please.
The Wavekrest is arriving tonight.
Krest is coming here.
No. I'll call you back.
Pedro. bring us some coffee.
Good.
Baby. Please.
Well. we both had close calls last night.
You were just in time.
Things were about to turn nasty.
- Who were they?
- Freelance hit team.
What did they want with you?
One of them must have
recognised me in the casino.
They were afraid I'd warn you.
spoil their plans.
So you knew them?
I used to work for the British government.
We kept dossiers on such people.
British agent.
I knew it.
You have class.
Those men tried to kill me.
Who would do such a thing?
- Someone close to you.
- Cream? Sugar?
No.
- Did they tell you this?
- They were well briefed.
Obviously by someone on the inside.
- Did they mention a name?
- No.
They were expecting
to be paid a lot of cash
by someone arriving in Isthmus tonight.
You suspect someone?
Everyone in my organisation
is 100 per cent loyal.
- Then you have nothing to worry about.
- Well. I have to go meet some people.
- You rest here.
- I have to go back to my hotel.
No. don't go to the hotel.
Save your money. I insist.
Stay here. Enjoy my hospitality.
Lupe. show him the easy way up. please.
You are not gonna believe
who this guy is.
Former British agent.
- How did you know that?
- Because I know things.
I want to meet Krest's boat tonight.
We'll need a dozen reliable men.
Is there a problem with Krest?
We'll see. And bring Lupe. She was there.
He's not gonna lie in front of her.
- What are you doing?
- I've had my fill of Sanchez' hospitality.
He said to stay. You're asking for trouble.
There's no need for you to get involved.
Just give me five minutes. then scream.
James. listen to me. There's guards
all over the place. You'll never make it.
I'm going shopping. I won't be long.
Please don't. Not now.
Señor Sanchez said.
- I haven't had one of these in five years.
- Don't worry. 007 always comes back.
- James.
- I thought I told you to leave. Q.
We couldn't go without knowing
what had happened to you.
- Get your bags packed. Q.
- What the hell is the matter with you?
Just a couple of things. Kwang
and his team of British agents are dead.
Sanchez is alive.
I saw you in Heller's office.
- You're working with them.
- No.
- I want the truth.
- I am telling the truth.
Sanchez has arranged to buy four
Stinger missiles from the Contras.
He'll shoot down an American airliner
if the DEA doesn't lay off.
- What about you and Heller?
- Felix gave me a letter at his wedding.
granting Heller immunity
if he gets the Stingers back.
Did he go for the deal?
Yes.
And then you missed Sanchez. and Heller
panicked and he said the deal was off.
and that I was dead
if he ever saw me again.
There's more to this
than your personal vendetta.
It's a mess.
Sanchez has tripled his security.
You'll never get another shot at him.
We don't have to.
Meet me at the harbour master's office in
two hours. Q. bring the Rolls to the front.
Yes. sir.
Señor Bond.
Señor Montelongo.
I'm making a withdrawal.
Pilot coming aboard. sir.
Well? Take me to the bridge.
- Gracias. Captain. I'll take over now.
- You? You're the harbour pilot?
No. I'm his secretary!
All yours. sir... Ma'am.
Aren't you going in a bit too fast?
You wanna do the driving?
You take the wheel.
Full speed astern.
- What the hell are you doing?
- Harbour pilot went crazy.
- I'd stick to flying if I were you.
- I got the job done.
Franz. What a surprise.
I didn't think you'd be here.
Yeah. I like surprises.
You seem to be having
a lot of problems lately.
Well. we had this crazy harbour pilot.
Let's talk about the money you owe me.
Let's talk inside.
- Does he have a safe?
- Not up here. Maybe below.
Have a look around.
Check the bow
and give me a damage report.
Do I have this right? He water-skied
behind the plane. jumps on it...
No. He was...
Well. yeah.
He threw the pilots out and flew away.
Like a little bird.
The knife.
Pedro.
Would I make up a story like that?
You must have seen something.
- Where's 007?
- He's coming.
That's not my money. I swear.
That's right. amigo. It's mine.
You think I'm stupid?
You rip me off. then use my own money
to pay someone to kill me?
You want it so bad? Then take it!
What are you doin'? Wait. Let me talk.
This is not my money!
No!
What the...
That hurts. Please!
What are you doing?
Sanchez.
Please. Franz. No!
What about the money. patron?
Launder it.
This is where you leave. Take the plane.
I'll see you both in Miami.
- Aren't you coming?
- No. They'll be after me.
It'll be safer on my own.
Come on. my dear.
See you later.
- What's that?
- Bond's clothes. They're clean.
Sorry to wake you. hermano.
I thought you'd like to know
the information you gave me paid off.
- I got the guy who set me up.
- Only one guy?
- What do you mean?
- I just thought that...
no one'd be stupid enough
to try to take you on on their own.
- I want you to come with me tomorrow.
- Where are we going?
It's a surprise. You're gonna like it.
- James. what are you doing back here?
- Your being here's not a good idea. Lupe.
It's all right. Franz is having
dinner with the Chinese.
- Where's he taking me tomorrow?
- He's showing them a special place.
I don't know where. James. don't go.
I'm scared. What's gonna happen to us?
Don't worry. When this is all over.
I'll make sure you get back home.
Home? It took me 1 5 years to get away
from there. I don't wanna go back.
Can't we leave together?
I'll be safe with you.
No. Lupe. I don't think
that would work out.
How can we tell unless we try?
I think it's gonna work out very well.
All right. I'll answer it.
Miss Kennedy. I saw you at the casino
with James. We need to speak in private.
- It's all right. He's with me.
- James is in danger. Sanchez is no fool.
He is checking up on him. You know.
if they find anything suspicious...
It's all right.
He's out of the country by now.
You don't understand.
Last night he stayed with me.
- At Sanchez' house?
- Si. Franz is taking him on a trip.
They leave in an hour.
If anything happens to him. I don't know
what I'll do. I love James so much.
You must go before you're missed. Now.
don't worry. We'll think of something.
"I love James so much."
I'll be damned if I'll help him.
Look. don't judge him too harshly.
my dear. Field operatives often use
every means at their disposal
to achieve their objectives.
Bullshit.
Bond's just left in convoy.
Two cars and a Jeep.
- Turning north onto the main highway.
- I copy that. Q.
What are you doing to my plane?
Overhaul. Señor Sanchez order it.
I must have a plane.
Where can I rent one?
No planes.
You brought the Stingers.
From now on I want them close to me.
We started this place strictly as a cover.
but Professor Joe turns a tidy profit.
Welcome. This way. please.
I'm going to have to ask that
each of you put on one of these.
It's for your own safety.
so I'm sure you'll understand.
We can't have our best customers
developing a drug habit.
This way. gentlemen.
Our product dissolves completely
in ordinary gasoline.
making it absolutely undetectable.
- How do you get it back?
- You want us to tell you all our secrets?
Before we're partners?
Take them to the lab.
This way. gentlemen.
- Who's the new guy?
- Somebody I thought could be useful.
- Can I help you?
- I have a surprise for Professor Joe.
- Sorry. No visitors this week.
- I came all the way from Wichita Falls.
- I'm sorry.
- We took up a collection.
We wanted Professor Joe
to accept it personally.
You may remove
your masks now. gentlemen.
So. do we have a deal?
The terms were 100 million
in negotiable bearer bonds
from each of you.
Professor Joe. It's really you!
It's magnificent.
Rebuilt stone for stone and restored
to all of its original glory.
- Is this for me?
- Yes. I almost forgot. I got so flustered...
Tell me. child. have you ever
thought of studying here?
- Would that be possible?
- Come. Let's see if you have the aptitude.
To a long association.
- What's the process?
- It's very simple.
An 18 per cent mixture of cocaine
and ordinary gasoline.
Just keep quiet.
We already have your first shipment
being loaded into the four tanker trucks.
Welcome. my dear.
Please join me.
Wow.
This is my humble sanctuary.
away from the cares of the world.
Your own private meditation chamber.
Built from the sacred rocks
of the original temple.
I did have it soundproofed.
so nothing will disturb our meditation.
- I brought you another surprise.
- I love surprises. Where is it?
Look. this really isn't necessary.
Give me the keys.
Bless your heart.
Your monthly delivery
will be by ocean-going tanker.
We'll send our chief chemist along
to supervise the reconversion process.
You keep the gas as a bonus.
And if there's a problem
with customs. no evidence.
I know him. He's an informer.
You disappoint me.
Who are you working for? Tell me.
You don't wanna talk?
I can get the trucks out.
but I don't think I can control the fire.
Forget the fire. Get some cars.
We're gonna take the tankers with us.
Wait a minute.
This setup cost us 32 million.
- We have to try and save it.
- I don't give a shit about the setup.
We've got 500 million in the case and
20 tons of Colombian pure in the tankers.
- Go help Heller.
- We have a deal with the Orientals.
- We've got their money.
- I said go help Heller.
Now. do you wanna
make this hard or easy?
Put him in the conveyor.
When you're up to your ankles.
you'll beg to tell me everything.
When you're up to your knees.
you'll kiss my ass to kill you.
I'm the least of your problems. If you
couldn't trust Krest. who can you trust?
Who's got your 500 million?
Truman-Lodge?
What about the Stingers?
What do you know about Stingers?
We gotta go. patron.
This place'll blow up any second.
- Where's Heller?
- I don't know.
That's the last you'll see
of Heller and your Stingers.
Thanks for the advice.
Have my car meet me up at the top.
Come with me.
- You're dead.
- You took the words out of my mouth.
Sanchez!
- Are you all right?
- Switch the bloody machine off.
Hey. I was making sure
these were secure.
It's a good idea.
- Take them up to my car.
- Of course.
- Oh. God. It's Heller.
- Yeah. Looks like he came to a dead end.
Come on.
You. Come with me.
Surprise!
Bless your heart.
Perez.
Bond has escaped.
Meet me at Paso del Diablo.
Don't worry. It's only money.
Oh. no.
Shit!
Brilliant.
Well done. Franz.
Another 80 million dollar write-off.
I guess it's time
to start cutting overhead.
James.
- You could have had everything.
- Don't you want to know why?
Well. what are you waiting for? Get in.
Yes. sir.
- I'll be up to see you next week.
- Good. I'll be out by then. M called.
He tried to reach you.
I think he may have a job for you.
Look. Felix. I have to go.
My hostess has just arrived.
- Take care. James.
- You too. Goodbye.
- I thought you hated that thing.
- Iguanas are a girl's best friend.
- Well. here's to you. my dear.
- Cheers.
Thank you for everything. James.
Thank you.
You could stay here with me.
Excuse me.
I think you and el presidente
will make a perfect couple.
Why don't you wait until you're asked?
So why don't you ask me?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm